I’ll aim at the enemies far away with this.
Pon!
It didn’t hit.
It didn’t hit…
Ah! Eh…?
It hit?
Ah, I see.
But...I made such a good new "Sa Shi Su Se So"
Don't you think that should've been a cooler life
Can't even kill one person!
It... didn't.. hit...?
Ah!
Trying to escape are you~?
Are you really running away?
You look like a man but...
Do you have any guts?
Ehh, it didn't hit?
Ah!
There was a nice little thing left---
Teiya~~ヽ(=´▽`=)ﾉ
Uwaa~
Those are some FUCKING (SU)weet muscles~
Is it okay if I rub my(SA)elf on them and absorb your oils?
Aaaa~
You're so (SHI)trong
A man of many talents !!!
Can I measure your muscles?
I can't get your measurements if you don't let me get closer~
Umm, if you can move your aim
or let me through...
Why are you so rough?
WHY ARE YOU SO CRUEL?
Even though Ai-chan is so cute!
Just let me come a little closer~
Your aim...
Can I check that out?
Alright
Hmm
There's some strong enemies
but others are really bad.
As I thought, there's an awesome gun here.
Ah, there's another kind here
Eh?
I'm... the clumsy type of AI
Aaa~
Hey good-lookin'
My name's Kizuna Ai...
I was just thinking you had some great muscles...
Is it okay if I feel--
Oops... I shot...
It's not okay to shoot here!
Shooting's bad...
If you shoot, that'll probably  collapse...
In times like this, I have a secret weapon!
When I squeeze both hands...!!
Yes~.　(*´ڡ`●)
A beam will come out!
What...?
Wait, why did I die just now!?
I bet you guys are already
sick of this, aren't you?
Feast your eyes on this... DUAL WIELDING
Err... I meant "Dual Wield...!"
Nice to meet you!
My name's Kizuna Ai but...
Maybe you already knew that?
I'm a famous virtual Youtuber after all!
And next is,
Did I hit him?
Ah, it didn't hit him, that's horrible
Ah, ah, perfect, perfect!
A gun just landed in my hands
Moving on,
This...
first, let me grab this...
aim there
and... shoot.
Ah... I didn't hit.
Wait, did I hit?
Oh, I did!
Ah... I ran out of bullets again...
Take thi--- oh, this one's out too?
Hoi
The bullets aren't coming out
Close! too close!
eh, ah, ohhh
We finally did it, everyone!
Sorry to keep you all waiting.
What's next?
First,
Let's take a good look at our surroundings...
With this...
There we go!
Shuper haawt
Thanks, everyone!
Hmm? Ahh, seems like another save point?
Oh my...
greetings
good afternoon
I'll take this...
Wow! Aren't these some nice muscles
watch this, I'm mincing him
Hmm, wasn't this easy?
What's next?
Is there anymore?
This is...
What was it...
Oh right, raw ham!
wonderful... raw...
Ah, over there
Frying pan!
gun
Frying pan gun!
I'll use the frying pan as a shield, and shoot with the gun!
Ah, isn't this cool?
Oh, there's more up there
Oh crap, dangerous!
This one should be good
Ahhh! I got hit!
Damnit...
Raw ham....
So much ham...
I want to try some raw ham!
I wonder what it taste like...
Well, this is peaceful
Ahh, you have a gun huh?
Ah! Did it just hit the gun?
I see...
Let me grab this...
Eh, I got hit again?!
Guess I gotta be careful... in other words, slow...
This isn't a place to just hit raw ham...
Well, if I just hit them, then I can't eat them.
Well this,
this looks really easy but
it's actually kinda hard
As for the enemies in close-range,
I would like to use a close-combat weapon without using a gun
E-Eh?! Why, why??
Where did they shoot me from??
Uwaahh!!
Ugh...
W-Well,
I really doubt their integrity, attacking an empty-handed person just like that
Not only that, they're doing it to such a lovely girl (aka me)
Do you guys really have to come at me with knives and guns??
I wonder why, it was going smoothly earlier on...
Anyways,
Where do I-
Maybe I should aim there...
Ah, there it is,
Ah- no more,
no more, no more!
Please, just let me get past this stage already!!
Go away, go away!
I think I should do something about them before they get hold of the guns
Nooo don't grab the guns so quickly!
I've had enough...
Oh, looking good~
Ah, but you know-
The good part of this game is that it's not gory!
Oh- Ohh!
It's finally my turn to shine!
Is there-
Anyone else here?
Seems fine
I have to survey the surroundings properly...
Alright,
Ohh,
IT'S HERE!!
I'm finally done with that!
Ah,
hello, nice to meet you
Yes!~
Looking goo-
Ah- Shuriken!
A new-
Yet another-
I wonder if the Shuriken shoots swiftly
Anyways,
Anyways...
Ah- there are more,
somehow more of them are appearing!
Oh, it hit!
Uwaaaah!!
W-Wait,
please wait for a while...
Ohhh!~
I'm doing well~
Uh...
Uhm...
They're kinda close, aren't they?
They're not above me or anything right?
Ohh!~
Is it over?
They're gone?
Oh!~ Looking good, isn't it?
Not too shabby~
Eh?
Hmm?
Oh,
More shuriken over here
more shuriken~
Oh!
Oh, I think I've got the hang of it!
And next is?
Aha, that sucks
Ah, there's another gun here
I'll leave the shuriken here
Here goes!
Eh?
I can't throw it!
Oh-
A-AHHH!!
No wait wait wait,
no, no way
Please don't fire randomly-
no way-
Please calm down!
Apparently stress is not good for your health!
Shuriken-
I didn't shoot the shuriken properly
I'm running out of shuriken...
Nooo!
Ah- ok, ok!
Then next is,
Oh,
YESS!!
That means that it was cool, eh?
That's a wrap, we've enjoyed Superhot!
How was it?
The VR game that I've recommended!
Please try it out some time!
That's all from me,
Virtual gamer, Kizuna Ai!
You guys are